[identity] update docs, readme and TS guide for broker feature (#27637)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 4.0.0 (2023-11-06)

### Features Added
- All the features shipped as part of 4.0.0-beta.1 will be GA with this version. The most important feature being the support of brokered authentication on Windows OS, such as WAM.

### Breaking Changes

> - Starting v4.0.0 of `@azure/identity`, node 20 will be supported and node 16 will no longer be supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting with v4.0.0 of `@azure/identity`, Node.js v20 will be supported and Node.js v16 will no longer be supported.
```
